Issue : Review and update API Management rule docs #867 (#1685)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.APIM.ProductDescriptors.md

Consider using display name and description fields on products to convey intended purpose and usage.
Display name and description fields should be human readable and easy to understand.

## EXAMPLES

### Configure with Azure template

To set the display name and the description

> set properties.displayName	for the resource type "apis". Dispaly name must be 1 to 300 characters long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set properties.displayName	for the resource type "products". Display name must be 1 to 300 characters long.
```

> set	properties.description resource type "apis". May include HTML formatting tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set	properties.description resource type "products". May include HTML formatting tags.
```

For example:

```json

{
  "type": "Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/products",
  "apiVersion": "2021-12-01-preview",
  "name": "apim-contoso-test-001/custom-product",
  "properties": {
    "approvalRequired": true, 
    "description": "Custom Product, subscription and approval is required to get the subscription key to call the APIs in Contoso", # <----------------- description
    "displayName": "Custom Product", # <----------------- display name
    "state": "published",
    "subscriptionRequired": true,
    "subscriptionsLimit": 1
  }
}

```

### Configure with Bicep

To set the display name and the description

> set properties.displayName	for the resource "Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/apis@2021-08-01". Dispaly name must be 1 to 300 characters long.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set properties.displayName	for the resource "Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/products@2021-08-01". Display name must be 1 to 300 characters long.
```

> set	properties.description for the resource "Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/apis@2021-08-01". May include HTML formatting tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set	properties.description for the resource "Microsoft.ApiManagement/service/products@2021-08-01". May include HTML formatting tags.
```
